Hi, my name is Sareeta,
and I'll be your trainer for this curriculum.
I have about seven years of experience working in the Silicon Valley tech industry.
Prior to that, I worked in India and I also helped multiple clients starting
with startups to top fortune 500 companies in the last decade.
Currently, I work for a leading e-commerce company
as a senior developer and in my free time,
I also work on open-source project.
That's all about me,
and I will introduce you now to
the curriculum that we will be covering for this particular course.
The curriculum involves cross-cutting technologies.
What that means is that we will be covering the technologies that are
used to build and deploy enterprise applications in the production environment.
That's all about the introduction.
Let's move to the next video.